NAME                                                         READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
pod/alertmanager-prometheus-kube-prometheus-alertmanager-0   2/2     Running   0          14m
pod/prometheus-grafana-b45bdbd56-45tcr                       3/3     Running   0          15m
pod/prometheus-kube-prometheus-operator-79b8cd4b88-ztrkj     1/1     Running   0          15m
pod/prometheus-kube-state-metrics-5b49fbfdf9-rb77v           1/1     Running   0          15m
pod/prometheus-prometheus-kube-prometheus-prometheus-0       2/2     Running   0          14m
pod/prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter-9ncnt                1/1     Running   0          15m

NAME                                              TYPE        CLUSTER-IP       EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)                      AGE
service/alertmanager-operated                     ClusterIP   None             <none>        9093/TCP,9094/TCP,9094/UDP   14m
service/prometheus-grafana                        ClusterIP   10.104.172.54    <none>        8082/TCP                     15m
service/prometheus-kube-prometheus-alertmanager   ClusterIP   10.97.196.193    <none>        9093/TCP,8080/TCP            15m
service/prometheus-kube-prometheus-operator       ClusterIP   10.108.149.79    <none>        443/TCP                      15m
service/prometheus-kube-prometheus-prometheus     ClusterIP   10.99.108.74     <none>        9090/TCP,8080/TCP            15m
service/prometheus-kube-state-metrics             ClusterIP   10.100.185.109   <none>        8080/TCP                     15m
service/prometheus-operated                       ClusterIP   None             <none>        9090/TCP                     14m
service/prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter       ClusterIP   10.102.111.83    <none>        9100/TCP                     15m

NAME                                                 DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   NODE SELECTOR            AGE
daemonset.apps/prometheus-prometheus-node-exporter   1         1         1       1            1           kubernetes.io/os=linux   15m

NAME                                                  READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deployment.apps/prometheus-grafana                    1/1     1            1           15m
deployment.apps/prometheus-kube-prometheus-operator   1/1     1            1           15m
deployment.apps/prometheus-kube-state-metrics         1/1     1            1           15m

NAME                                                             DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
replicaset.apps/prometheus-grafana-b45bdbd56                     1         1         1       15m
replicaset.apps/prometheus-kube-prometheus-operator-79b8cd4b88   1         1         1       15m
replicaset.apps/prometheus-kube-state-metrics-5b49fbfdf9         1         1         1       15m

NAME                                                                    READY   AGE
statefulset.apps/alertmanager-prometheus-kube-prometheus-alertmanager   1/1     14m
statefulset.apps/prometheus-prometheus-kube-prometheus-prometheus       1/1     14m
